---
layout: page
title: Software Engineering 1 (COSC 4P01)
---

#### Course Description

Topics include plan-driven development, Agile development, software requirements elicitation, software design and analysis, design patterns, software testing, software maintenance, software observability, software robustness, safety and security, AI in Software Engineering, And introduction to tools such as Git, GitHub, Azure DevOps, and GitHub AI CoPilot..

**Credit Hours**: 36\
**Location**: TH242 \
**Period**: Sep 06, 2023 to Dec 05, 2023\
**Time**: Monday: 8:00 to 9:30, Friday: 8:00 to 9:30\
**TAs**:  Ghazal Khodabandeh (zw22sr@brocku.ca), Alireza Ezaz (ow23gq@brocku.ca), Nikta Gohari Sadr (zu22of@brocku.ca)\
**Prerequisite**: COSC 2P03 (minimum 60 percent)\
**Exclusions**: Completion of this course will replace previous assigned grade and credit obtained in COSC 4F00.

#### Recommended Textbooks
* Software Engineering (10e) by Ian Sommerville, ISBN: 9780133943030.
* Software Engineering: A Practitioner’s Approach (9e) by Roger S. Pressman, ISBN: 9780078022128.

#### Tentative Outline
Tentative Outline
* Introduction to Software Engineering: An overview of software engineering principles, methodologies, and the role of AI in modern software development.
* Software Processes & Agile: An exploration of software development processes, including Agile methodologies, with insights into how AI can enhance project management and efficiency.
* Requirements Engineering: Understanding software requirements gathering and the application of AI techniques in automating parts of this process for improved accuracy.
* System Modelling: Introduction to system modeling techniques, including how AI is used for predictive modeling and decision support in software projects.
* Architectural Design: Exploring software architecture principles and the role of AI in optimizing architectural decisions and enhancing system performance.
* Design & Implementation: Delving into software design and implementation, with a focus on AI-driven design patterns and best practices.
* Software Testing: An examination of software testing strategies, including AI-powered testing tools and techniques for faster and more effective testing.
* Software Evolution and Maintenance: Understanding the challenges of software maintenance and how AI can assist in identifying and fixing issues proactively.
* Observable Systems: Discussing the concept of observability in software systems and how AI-based monitoring and analytics can improve system reliability.
* Safety and Security Engineering: Addressing the integration of AI in ensuring the safety and security of software applications, including threat detection and prevention.
* Artificial Intelligence in Software Engineering: An introduction of the role of AI in various aspects of software engineering, from code generation to quality assurance, and its potential impact on the field.


#### Office hours 
* Monday, Friday: 9:30 to 11:30
* Offline questions: by email
* Online session: by appointment
