---
layout: page
title: Software Engineering 2 (COSC 4P02)
---

#### Course Description

The objective is to develop a large-scale software engineering project in a competitive team setting, including creation of
complete documentation for a working system.

**Credit Hours**: 36\
**Location**: WH324\
**Period**: Jan 09, 2023, to Apr 07, 2023\
**Time**: No regular lecture. You'll be notified in advance. Tuesdays: 2:30pm to 4:00pm, Thursdays: 2:30pm to 4:00pm\
**TAs**: Pranjal Chakraborty (kv20kh@brocku.ca), and Brendan Park (bp18ul@brocku.ca)\
**Prerequisite**: COSC 4P01\

#### Recommended Textbooks
* Software Engineering (10e) by Ian Sommerville, ISBN: 9780133943030.
* Software Engineering: A Practitioner’s Approach (9e) by Roger S. Pressman, ISBN: 9780078022128.

#### Project
* The goal of the course is to develop a software application to use in production.
* You will form your group with 5 to 8 members. 
* During the semester, the group members will work together to develop a full functional software product, from concept (understanding the 
project and its requirements) to actual implementation and will generate a series of reports and presentations. 
* Method: Scrum
* Platform: Windows, Linux, Mac, Android, IOS, ...
* Language: Java, C#, C++, Python or whatever works better for your particular project.
* You will tackle various stages of software development based on the chosen topics. 
* It's possible for multiple groups to work on the same project, and students can propose and implement their own ideas, provided that they 
present a detailed proposal for them and that the ideas are not overly simplistic.

#### Project Ideas

##### Museum Assistance Application
* Virtual Reality (VR) or Augmented Reality (AR) based.
* Interactive maps and interactive timeline.

##### Interactive online game for Selective Mutism Foundation
* Contact Dr. Bork (pbork@brocku.ca) for ideas to integrate.

#### Office hours 
* Monday to Friday 8:00 am to 5:00 pm
* Offline questions: by email
* Online session: by appointment
